Traditional trading features of most of the exchanges are Limit, Market, and Stop-Limit (Stop-Loss) order. 
However, SynchroBit™ provides its users with an innovative trading tool, called as "Trend-Limit™."

Trend Limit is about to minimize the risks and maximize the ROIs of P2P Trading of cryptocurrency assets. 
This unique feature enables users to place an order at two different expected conditions with a single fund. 

The user can place her expected target price at High Stop-Limit and Low Stop-Limit simultaneously with a single fund.

This unique feature is highly recommended at uncertain market trends where the user cannot correctly anticipate 
the upcoming market moves!

Trend-Limit is a great response to the increasing demand of both newcomer and professional traders for risk management
in the uncertainty.

This feature is available since the initial version of SynchroBit™ and can be used in the Advanced Trading mode.

How Does It Work?
Suppose that John is a trader in a volatile market that makes him hard to make a clear decision about the 
proper sell/buy prices and anticipating the next move in the market.

In this example, we consider a BTC pair with USDT, where the BTC price is USD 8,200.

In this case, he may have two predictions for the next 1 hour as follows:
Position 1: BTC price may increase to USD 8,500, and or
Position 2: BTC price may fall to USD 8,000

In this situation, Trend-Limit™ is the ultimate solution for overcoming the challenge, 
since it allows the users to set two different P2P stop-limits as High and Low simultaneously. In our example, 
John can set his Trend-Limit as follows:
High Trend: as USD 8,490 Stop and USD 8,500 as Limit
Low Trend: as USD 8,190 Stop and USD 8,180 as Limit

By setting this example Trend-Limit, SynchroBit™ will execute the scenario that will occur sooner which means that 
if High Trend scenario happens sooner than Low Trend one, the platform will sell the BTC for John at USD 8,500 
otherwise, the platform will execute the next scenario.

The users can set various scenarios for their funds by managing their funds and allocate them as 25%, 50%. 75%, and/or 100% 
of their funds for Trend-Limit. In addition they . can set the desired funds for Trend-Limit manually in manual mode as well.
In our example, John can set 25% of his funds with a Trend-Limit scenario, and 50% with another one, and so on.
